{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf410
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12460\viewh12740\viewkind1\viewscale100
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I Tempi Moderni is in the business of transparent communication through clearer statements. To use I Tempi Moderni means you understand the importance of proper visual punctuation. We have our hands on the latest design techniques and a finger on the pulse of the modern age. We have one foot in the studio and the other in the restless currents of culture. I Tempi Moderni provides advanced design in print or on the web. Armed with Pantone swatches, digital cameras, hex-color tables, and the latest software we are ready for any challenge. Need a project in different file formats for press, email and web? no problem. Your band desires a photo shoot that matches the intensity of their new sound? we will work it out. Need a site re-design that will make your visitors web experience blend seamlessly with your print materials? can do. We are here to help you make the largest visual impact possible. We would love to talk to you in depth about the services we have to offer. Send us an email, do drop a line.\
\
\
We do great work. I Tempi Moderni is in the business of successful and simple solutions. Clearer visual statements mean quicker comprehension and transparent communication. }